338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: api/api-tag-overview.md

---
title: API reference tag overview

> excerpt: The Tiger CloudAPI reference includes tags to categorize the available SQL functions and views. See what tags are used and what they mean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: The TimescaleDB API reference includes tags to categorize the available SQL functions and views. See what tags are used and what they mean
```
